[theme music playing]
-[birds chirping]
-[crickets chirping]
[birds squawking]
[flies buzzing]
[ringing]
[dog whimpers]
[dog barking]
[woman] Hector?
[woman screaming]
[dramatic music playing]
[snarling]
A new night creature.
Amazing.
Hector.
May we speak?
Well, I can't stop you
from speaking to me.
You're vampire aristocracy after all.
I'm a simple human smith.
[Carmilla] Your skills are legend.
Our kind has never produced a forgemaster.
Well, you didn't have to.
Before the war, night creatures
were simply a species in hiding.
They either reproduced naturally
or were created by acts of wild magic.
Now they are soldiers.
Their numbers have to be replenished.
You didn't need forgemasters until now.
[chuckles] But your intellect
cannot be denied.
-If you say so.
-I do.
And Dracula himself clearly agrees.
He listens to you.
As much as he does to Isaac.
Which is, frankly, not much.
I believe you are actually worried
about Dracula.
[sighs] I am.
It's not like him to be indecisive.
The fire in him
has gone out somehow, and...
It's as if we're looking
at the embers of a man.
There are things we can do
that don't require his decisions.
[scoffs] Oh, I doubt that.
There are.
It means nothing to the war effort
if we sent a group to the Belmont home
to begin a search for their hold.
[dog panting]
Why are you so fascinated by that?
If anyone in all of the world has tools
or magic who can harm our lord, Dracula,
it is in the Belmont trove.
We need to ensure
it does not fall into the wrong hands.
Simple.
All right. That is logical.
I agree to that.
But Dracula must approve
the dispensation of troops.
How did you come to be in his service?
I met him over a year ago,
when he was traveling.
He sought me out, you know.
Did he really?
I was living in the east of Rhodes
very quietly.
[exhales] He'd heard of me
from scholars in town
and looked for me specifically.
[scoffs]
We talked for hours.
After his wife died,
he came to me asking for my help.
[Hector exhales]
Can you imagine?
A man like that...
asking a human for help...
in order to avenge a human?
[hisses]
[Hector] Master Dracula?
Is it you?
Hector.
I have need of your skills.
Tell me what you need.
I need an army.
The dead must rise,
and creatures of the night
must be called into their corpses.
These are your skills.
What's happened? Why do you need an army?
They killed my wife.
They?
The humans.
The stupid, vicious, spiteful,
evil humans.
The humans you renounced.
The humans you live apart from.
-They killed my wife.
-[sighs]
I am so sorry.
No more, Hector.
They must be stopped.
Culled.
Is this genocide, Dracula?
[Dracula] Would that concern you?
My fellow humans
have never treated me with love,
and I punished them for it.
But I wouldn't have them suffer.
And like any animal,
I think the world would be poorer
with their extinction.
I would just see to it
that they couldn't harm anyone else.
Then that is how it shall be.
Vampires feed on humans.
I understand this.
Hmm.
If humans became livestock,
I would have no concern over that
if conditions were...
Humane?
I was gonna say merciful.
Oh, yes.
I can promise a merciful end
to the human plague, Hector.
Will you join me?
A cull.
Controlled population.
Making sure they cannot harm anyone else.
Yes.
He was a giant.
[scoffs] Only a year ago.
But now...
[Carmilla] It was my understanding that
when a forgemaster re-animates a thing,
it has total loyalty to the forgemaster
and his goals.
It does.
Make some troops that you can trust
completely with whatever they find.
And then help me convince Dracula
to attack Braila.
[hooves clopping]
There.
That's my tree.
I used to play in that tree.
We're nearly at the house.
It's hard to imagine you playing.
Yeah. [scoffs] I suppose so.
But it was everything, that tree.
It was my house, and my boat, and my fort.
Anything I wanted it to be.
[sighs]
Goodnight, tree.
[chains jangling]
[sighs]
-[Sypha] This was your home?
-[Trevor] Yeah.
You grew up here?
Yeah.
I can't imagine what it was like
to grow up in a single place.
[Trevor] Mm.
It was...
It was fine.
It wasn't the worst way to grow up.
How old were you
when your family home was taken?
[Trevor sighs]
Thirteen, 14, something like that.
You've been on your own since you were 13?
Maybe 12.
[scoffs] Who remembers that sort of thing?
[Alucrad] Twelve.
Is there a point to these questions?
I'm disturbed to find that I had more
of a childhood than you did.
And your dad's fucking Dracula.
-What?
-[all laughing]
Hmm.
[Trevor sniffs] I think this is it.
[grunts]
Your hidden entrance
looks like a hearthstone.
Just help me clear it.
[Trevor exhales, grunts]
[clattering]
[rocks crashing]
Congratulations.
You've just discovered
a big piece of stone.
It's the door.
Do we lift it, or...?
[Alucard grunting]
That's odd.
I don't seem to be able to get
any purchase on it.
[Sypha] Hmm.
Ah, I see now.
You won't be able to lift it.
[Trevor] Well,
my family got it up somehow.
I was taken down there as a child.
[Sypha] Did you see them lift it?
No.
They brought me through once it was open.
They told me they'd teach me
how to do it one day.
I suppose there was a special trick.
-Were your parents magicians?
-Not as such.
I mean, they knew a lot,
but this door was put in
by one of our ancestors.
Well, I guess the special trick
was passed down the generations.
The way we Speakers transmit knowledge.
Your parents knew the trick,
but didn't know where it came from
or what it really was.
Stand back.
Invocatio.
Mahorela. Sor.
Gru.
Odo.
Teloch.
Open sesame.
Was that an Enochian ward?
Yes.
I know that language.
Well, well.
Naughty Belmonts hunting
all the terrible things of the forest,
but sitting on a magic door
opened by occult language.
I didn't know it was a fucking magic door.
Doesn't make us black magicians.
But you know that the word, "Teloch,"
means "of death," right?
Shut up.
It's the magical door of death, Belmont.
Are you coming or what?
Belmont isn't even a Wallachian name.
That just dawned on me.
[Trevor] No.
The family's originally
from the Kingdom of France.
But we moved out of there
a few hundred years ago.
Moved or chased?
Moved, thank you very much.
With people behind you
waving pitchforks and torches?
No.
No, we're professionals.
We move where the work is.
[Sypha] What does that even mean?
All the dark things moved into the east.
I think it was a Leon Belmont
who entered the region first.
And he built this house,
and dug the foundations
for everything under it.
[exhales] My God.
The memory of my family.
All that's left of us.
Is it organized?
Is there a way to find things?
I imagine one sacrifices a chicken,
and divines the location of the book
you want from the intestines.
Maybe Belmont has a crystal ball in here
you could ask.
Shut up.
It's an impressive tip, Belmont.
But it is, nonetheless, a tip.
Your ancestors were apparently
mentally ill hoarders.
I fully expect to find family cats
mummified under some of these shelves.
[chuckles]
Unless your family preferred to eat them.
There's an index on the lectern
at the bottom.
So this really is a managed collection.
[Trevor] It's the work of generations.
An archive of everything we've found
and learned since the days
of Leon Belmont.
What was your Leon Belmont
doing in Wallachia?
Hunting Dracula.
[Trevor] Here it all is, then.
The last of us.
Huh.
Hmm.
[sighs]
Bloody hell.
Is that what I think it is?
Careful, Trevor.
You almost sounded excited
about something.
It couldn't be.
Could it?
[grunting]
[exhales]
Beautiful.
What on earth is that ugly thing?
I don't believe they hid it.
It's the Morning Star.
It's all here.
You're right.
This is quite amazing.
Isn't it? It's amazing.
Charming.
You're not even a little bit impressed?
It's like a museum dedicated
to the extermination of my people, so no.
Not thrilled.
May I speak to you?
Approach, Godbrand.
I have a question.
[Dracula] Go on.
If you kill all the humans,
what are we gonna eat?
What?
It's very simple, Dracula.
If you kill all the humans,
where does the continuing supply
of human blood come from?
[sighs]
I allow you to go on feeding raids
when we change location.
I have blood stored in cold canisters.
There are animals in the lower levels.
You won't go hungry, Godbrand.
Not right now, no. But later.
I don't want to be rationing myself
on fucking pig blood.
Careful.
Pig blood gives me the shits.
I'm sorry, but there it is.
You will be taken care of, Godbrand.
Yes, of course. Right.
Except, what if we're not?
What if you just wanna kill all the humans
and you don't leave us enough
to keep in camps to feed from?
I will not be questioned by you.
I have told you how it will be.
The humans will die.
You will be taken care of.
Little Godbrand.
Little vampire.
Little parasite.
Little boat weevil
who delights in making noise
and pretending he is important
and dangerous.
Are you going to continue questioning me?
Are you going to fight me,
little Godbrand?
No.
Then why are you still here
making your little noises?
Get out before I slit you up the middle
and bite out your heart.
[grunts]
[exhales]
[sighs]
And how is our lord and master?
The old man has lost his mind.
He's gonna kill all the humans
and leave us without any livestock.
We're all gonna starve to death.
Surely not.
I'll tell you another thing.
I still wouldn't wanna try him
in a straight fight,
but I have a strong suspicion
he hasn't fed in a while.
Why would Dracula, of all people,
go without blood?
Because this isn't a war, Carmilla.
It's a suicide.
His wife's dead, and he wants to join her.
And he wants to take all of us with him.
We're all gonna die! All of us!
Godbrand, wait.
I'm not gonna fuck you, Carmilla.
I'm too pissed off!
You stupid bastard.
[groans]
What the hell was that for?
To focus your attention.
On what? Pain?
On the fact that Dracula
needs to take this castle to Braila.
Let me tell you something.
I was turned centuries ago
by a vampire master
who said he was giving me the world.
But, in time, he grew old,
and cruel, and mad.
And I was bound to him.
Until I decided to take back my world.
I wasn't going to be dictated
to by mad, old men anymore.
And then I come here
to meet with the leader of our nation.
And what do I find?
A mad, cruel, old man.
Never again, Godbrand.
Never again.